[VOICE OVER] A news alert pops up on your
phone that the credit card records of
500 million individuals were found for sale
on a hacker website.
What would your first reaction be? Indifference?
Concern? Dread?
Now imagine how your reaction might be different
if you had been the one responsible for clicking
on a link in an email that gave the bad guys
access to all of that information.
Your organization accepts credit card payments and
keeping that information safe is critical.
No matter what your job title is, YOU play an
important role in that process.
This module will guide you through the threats
that exist to customer credit card information,
as well as how to best deal with them.
By the end of this module, you will:
•Be aware of threats to credit card security.
•Recognize the crucial information that
needs to be protected.
•Know the best practices which help keep
this information secure.
You will encounter many new technical terms.
It's crucial that you become familiar with them.
If at any point there is a term that you don’t
understand, you can pause the video and access
the glossary in this module’s menu.
At the end of the course, you will take a brief quiz.
Ready? Let’s get started with some credit card industry basics.